---
---

Product Manager
Talent – SEEK Recruitment Agency of the Year | 7 Time Winner
Albury Area
Marketing &amp; Communications
Product Management &amp; Development
$100000 Plus Benefits
Full Time
Posted 
1d ago
More jobs from this company
Apply for this job
Save job
Email
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Job description
This fast growing DTC lifestyle homewares ecommerce brand is looking for a new Product Manager to lead on exciting new and existing product development, including a huge editorial component.
There are big plans to build upon this part of the business, and likely coming from a digital marketing or e-commerce background, you will more than competently play an integral part in leading the strategy and roadmap.
This role will balance content-based initiatives together with their e-commerce objectives.
As Product Manager, you will collaborate with the founders to set this vision, define what the future looks like and build the products and features that&#39;ll get them there.
 Responsibilities
Manage and deliver new products and product improvements across multiple international websites.
Together with the Product Lead, manage the roadmap of all product releases, ensuring the right priorities are met.
Work with the Product Lead to deliver growth, including running experiments to increase traffic, users, and engagement. Work with designers, engineers, marketers, and content teams to ensure we are delivering an exceptional experience to all of our users.
Own the customer experience for content-related parts of the sites; see products through their entire lifecycle -- from content through to validation, build, post-launch analytics, and iterations.
Analyse and leverage data and analytics to help inform the editorial process, working alongside an internal team of content creators and marketers.
Become a product SME and champion of editorial user experience to make our product best in class. 
Ensure our customers, products, and their requirements are clearly identified and appropriately prioritized to ensure that we deliver to our target market, meeting the expectations of customers and internal stakeholders.
Understand the brand&#39;s strategic and competitive position and deliver products that are aligned with our mission and goals for innovation.
Frequently identify significant product, organizational, and process opportunities and drive them to fruition often without explicit direction and resourcing.
Research other best practice content delivery at relevant companies to supply high quality ideas to the team.
Ensure the customer is at the centre of the design and iteration of our content  experience.
Skills &amp; Experience Required
2-3 years in a product management role, preferably at an e-commerce company.
Experience working with design, user research, running experiments, and iterating on ideas to benefit end users.
Strong critical thinking, analysis, and UX skills.
Ability to take an ambiguous problem, use data-informed brainstorming, identify goals and clear metrics, and drive a team to deliver on those goals.
Passionate about high quality communication.
A strong communicator who can influence cross-functionality to achieve big wins.
Project management skills to effectively keep projects on track and on time.
Strong stakeholder engagement skills to successfully engage with a number of  internal and external stakeholders.
If this sounds like YOU! then please apply now with your CV and include a case study example of your successful product launches to 
catherine.wiggett@talentinternational.com
Report this job advert
Be careful
Don’t provide your bank or credit card details when applying for jobs.
Learn how to protect yourself
 
here
.
Report this job ad
 
Apply for this job
Save job
