---
---

Product Manager
Hallmark Cards
3.4/5
Melbourne
Eastern Suburbs
Marketing &amp; Communications
Product Management &amp; Development
Full Time
Posted 
8h ago
More jobs from this company
Apply for this job
Save job
Email
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Job description
Our story goes back over 100 years, and although a lot has changed in that time, we are still a family run business with a passion for creativity and helping people to connect.  And no matter what role you have in our business, we are here to make a genuine difference.  To help people live a caring, connected life, full of meaningful moments.
 
Are you a talented and experienced Product Manager?
 
We are searching for an innovative, passionate, upbeat problem solver who loves making a genuine difference.
 
In this role you will be responsible for the management and delivery of products defined within the portfolio as briefed by our Portfolio Manager.
 
Working with the Product Solutions Manager, the Product Manager will ensure the product plans will deliver against our organisational goals of Net Shipments, EBIT growth and return on SKU. 
 
You will be responsible for:
 
 
Curating compelling, consumer focused product that aligns to the organisation strategy
 
Maintaining awareness of relevant market place, key competition trends and global Hallmark product strategies in order to recommend solutions that deliver product leadership.
 
Ensuring the product critical date path – inception to marketplace
 
Managing product specification data to ensure our internal systems relating to product management are accurate and up to date
 
Product COGs
 
Understanding the manufacture and procurement process and actively challenging this to improve speed to market and return on investment
 
Working closely with colleagues across sales, category and operations to deliver compelling product to market on time, and to financial targets.
 
About you:
 
 
A proactive thinker and curious 
 
Have 3+  years’ experience in product management
 
The ability to collaborate and influence stakeholders across a business
 
The commercial maturity and an understanding of the levers that drive product profitability
 
Have strong business acumen - knowledge of how a business works and how to influence cross functionally
 
Have extensive knowledge of how major national and independent retailer operate
 
Be customer and consumer focussed
 
Be able to make decisions 
 
Demonstrated negotiation and collaboration skills
 
You will have an innate desire to succeed and develop a career in a successful global organisation.
 
When joining Hallmark Australasia, you join a strong brand. We are leadership and development focused business which invests and wins through its people.
 
We have a hybrid working environment, and this role would require you to attend the Scoresby office 2-3 days per week and as needed for meetings and staff events.
 
Does this sound like the perfect opportunity for you?  
Role requirements
Your application will include the following questions:
Which of the following statements best describes your right to work in Australia?
How many years&#39; experience do you have as a product manager?
Do you have experience in a role which requires relationship management experience?
Report this job advert
Be careful
Don’t provide your bank or credit card details when applying for jobs.
Learn how to protect yourself
 
here
.
Report this job ad
 
Apply for this job
Save job
