---
---

Product Manager
Roam
Sydney
CBD, Inner West &amp; Eastern Suburbs
Information &amp; Communication Technology
Product Management &amp; Development
Full Time
Posted 
11h ago
More jobs from this company
Apply for this job
Save job
Email
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Job description
ABOUT US
 
Roam builds exceptional digital businesses and products for clients around the globe. Starting out in 2013, we now have studios in Auckland, Sydney and more. We craft experiences for companies like Google, CBA, Flexigroup, EBay, Giant, Spark, Westpac, The Warehouse Group, Mercury and many more, including startups in Silicon Valley and the UK.
With exciting new products and a busy year ahead, we&#39;re looking for an experienced Product Manager to work with our clients to launch and grow these exciting product opportunities.
  
  
 
YOU&#39;LL BE INVOLVED WITH
 
 
Leading product teams consisting of digital designers, developers, technical architects and testers
 
Nurturing relationships and working closely with client stakeholders
 
Creating digital products that solve both customer and business problems
 
Driving product strategy and execution - one can’t live without the other! 
 
Measuring product performance and true business outcomes 
 
Roadmap and sprint planning, feature tracking, reporting and keeping us all aligned
 
Working on products for Australia, global companies and our very own products
 
 
WHAT YOU KNOW
 
 
Modern product discovery and delivery practices
 
How to create a culture of focussing on outcomes over outputs 
 
Aligning stakeholders is your jam
 
How to measure what truly matters 
 
ProductBoard, Jira, Slack, Mixpanel, Segment!!! Excited!!!
 
Shipping is necessary, but not sufficient. 
 
Love what you do. Don&#39;t just &#39;work&#39;
 
 
WHO YOU ARE
 
 
You’re a natural at building trusting relationships in the team and with your stakeholders
 
Love to collaborate with others to solve hard problems with many constraints
 
Ability to think strategically while being comfortable in the weeds 
 
Not afraid to have hard conversations with stakeholders, and drive true product culture change - you’re in it for the long haul!
 
You love data
 
Wide understanding of all functional areas of a digital business - product, engineering, design, growth, finance, sales, support
 
Obsessive about releases and schedules. You had a lot of wall calendars growing up. Lots of stars too. Gold ones.
 
Have a good sense of humour and can laugh at yourself
 
Able to travel internationally occasionally
 
  
Develop your skills at Roam by working on a variety of projects at the forefront of innovation under the mentorship of our VP of Product and the Product team across NZ, Australia and more. We&#39;re expanding like a rocket ship and we need someone to make sure that all the parts are ordered, the pilots know where they&#39;re going and that we take-off and land according to plan.
  
  
 
BENEFITS
 
 
Working with genuinely awesome, ambitious and humble people. A combo that is hard to find and we have over 100 of them!
 
Beautiful new office in Surry Hills
 
flexible working options
 
As the Aussie extension of a well-established digital consultancy, you get the best of both worlds of a close-knit team paired with enterprise-scale, innovation products
 
Birthday Leave &amp; regular team and social events
 
Great opportunities and innovative products under the guidance of our VP of Product, talented Delivery and Product Managers across NZ, Australia and more
 
Role requirements
Your application will include the following questions:
Which of the following statements best describes your right to work in Australia?
How much notice are you required to give your current employer?
Report this job advert
Be careful
Don’t provide your bank or credit card details when applying for jobs.
Learn how to protect yourself
 
here
.
Report this job ad
 
Apply for this job
Save job
