---
---

Operations Manager
Private Advertiser
Sydney
South West &amp; M5 Corridor
Manufacturing, Transport &amp; Logistics
Management
Full Time
Posted 
23h ago
More jobs from this company
Apply for this job
Save job
Email
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Job description
About Us
 
TFH is a privately owned and operated business located in Sydney’s South Western Suburbs.   We have been in operation for over 30 years and are considered market leaders in the hire/event industry.  TFH is continually expanding our service and product range to meet the needs of our customers.  
 
In order to meet the current and future needs of the business we are seeking to employ an experienced Operations Manager. 
 
Reporting to the NSW State Manager it is expected the successful incumbent will have approximately 6 direct reports and 40 indirect reports.
 
Working closely with the NSW State Manager and division managers you be responsible for the day to day Logistics, Sanitation, Yard and Warehouse  operations. 
 
You will ensure the Branch KPIs are consistently met, assist in the development and performance of staff, improving the administration processes and improve the quality of our service to both internal and external stakeholders.
 
It is imperative that - at all times - you conduct your business in a confidential and professional manner whilst also fostering a positive ‘can do’ attitude.
 
More specifically the role is responsible for:
 
 
Managing and overseeing all aspects of the day to day operations of the Sydney Operations -  ensuring the Branch operations are performed in an honest, efficient and professional manner to achieve overall customer satisfaction
 
Mentor Managers - understand the business from a 360 perspective and develop and enhance skills 
 
Ensure all personnel conform to both company safety guidelines and regulatory requirements
 
Review the operational methodologies currently in place and then implement new cost effective solutions to improve efficiencies
 
Lead by example.  Attend tool box meetings and proactively contribute to improving the culture on site
 
Assist the National HR &amp; Safety in the implementation of new safety initiatives, training programs and where necessary be involved in disciplinary and performance management  discussions
 
Drive a strong workplace culture where employees are proactive and empowered to take ownership are accountable
 
Ensure all KPIs are maintained
 
The successful candidate must have:
 
 
Strong business acumen with a minimum 5 years’ experience in leading a team
 
Previous experience working in the Hire/Event industry
 
Strong sales and financial acumen with a knowledge of logistics / freight co-ordination
 
Ability to train and mentor staff
 
Be customer and solutions orientated
 
Drive process efficiency
 
Excellent communication skills
 
Excellent prioritisation skills to manage fluctuating workloads and conflicting priorities to achieve tight deadlines
 
Strong computer skills (Excel, Word, etc) and ability to prepare and present accurate reports
 
Experience in driving a strong safety culture
 
Fork lift ticket will be highly regarded
 
Manual Drivers licence
 
To apply for this exciting opportunity, click the apply button and upload a copy of your resume and cover letter.
Role requirements
Your application will include the following questions:
Which of the following statements best describes your right to work in Australia?
How many years of people management experience do you have?
What&#39;s your expected annual base salary?
Do you have a current Australian driver&#39;s licence?
Report this job advert
Be careful
Don’t provide your bank or credit card details when applying for jobs.
Learn how to protect yourself
 
here
.
Report this job ad
 
Apply for this job
Save job
