---
---

Senior Product Manager
Lookahead
Sydney
CBD, Inner West &amp; Eastern Suburbs
Information &amp; Communication Technology
Product Management &amp; Development
Up to $160K base
Full Time
Posted 
1d ago
More jobs from this company
Apply for this job
Save job
Email
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Job description
The role
 
In this role, you&#39;ll be working on a successful Fintech SaaS product, in an expanding startup which has passed the product validation phase. The company itself is well funded and is now entering their growth phase. This Senior Product Manager role is a remote role (Australia-based) and offers a competitive salary, reflective of seniority.   
 
About you
You are a product manager who is customer focused and full of empathy for your audience. You are a clear communicator (written and verbal) and seek to validate your product ideas and designs with internal stakeholders and external customers before getting them built. You enjoy collaborating with others on design problems, and thrive in a remote work environment.
 
The offer
 
 
Work remotely anywhere in Australia
 
Work closely with the Chief Product Officer
 
Ongoing training with a drive to support your career progression
 
A base salary of up to $160K
 
 
Find out more
If you&#39;re interested in having a conversation about this role, send me an email with your resume, and let me know why you&#39;re interested in this position. We can then schedule a call to see if there&#39;s a fit.
If this role isn&#39;t quite right, but you&#39;re looking for other product or technology related roles in a start-up environment, feel free to get in touch anyway. 
   
 JP Costales
 
jp@lookahead.com.au
 | @jpcostales www.lookahead.com.au
Report this job advert
Be careful
Don’t provide your bank or credit card details when applying for jobs.
Learn how to protect yourself
 
here
.
Report this job ad
 
Apply for this job
Save job
