---
---

Operations Manager
More jobs from this company
Job Description
Job Header
Operations Manager
Advertiser: 
Boost Recruitment
More jobs from this company
Job Information
Job Listing Date
6 Apr 2021
Location
Melbourne
, 
Bayside &amp; South Eastern Suburbs
Work Type
Casual/Vacation
Classification
Manufacturing, Transport &amp; Logistics
, 
Management
Immediate start available for an Operations Manager for a medium sized manufacturing company in the South East suburbs of Melbourne.
 
JOB DESCRIPTION
:
 
 
  Overseeing day to day running of dispatch if and when required.
 
  Ordering materials for production jobs and stock on a daily basis.
 
  Assisting resellers as required by telephone and email
 
   Offer product advice.
 
   Place reseller production orders.
 
   Quote special jobs.
 
   Provide engineering documents as     required.
 
  Arrange, organise and problem solve any     unforeseen issues
 
   eg. Damaged material, short or wrong   supply of materials and or components.
 
  Monitor and check order confirmations from   suppliers on a daily basis.
 
  Administration duties
 
  Assist with walk in customers as required.
 
  Support with answering office telephone.
 
  Liaising with suppliers.
 
  Attend sites to gather information and take   appropriate actions as required
 
SKILLS REQUIRED:
 
Attire
 
A clean, neat and tidy appearance is required at all times.
 
Communication Skills
Communication is a critical administrative skill. You need to be able to interact with employees, staff and clients, either in person or on the phone. It is important that you speak clearly and politely and maintain a positive tone.
 
Be a good listener to deal with client questions and concerns.
 
Written communication skills are also extremely important. You need to be able to write clearly, accurately and professionally.
 
Technology Skills
Able to operate Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint and Outlook. Be able to quickly pick up and learn Databuild and our company’s own quoting software, ShedQuote. You need to be able to use and maintain office equipment.
 
Organisation
You need to be extremely organised and be able to priorities tasks for efficient outcomes.
 
Planning
You need to be able to plan and schedule things in advance.
 
Problem Solving Skills
You will need to be able to problem solve.  This is skill is important for this position.
 
HOURS:
 
 
Monday to Friday 9.00am to 5.00pm. (37.5 hours per week) 30 minute lunch break.
The application form will include these questions:
Which of the following statements best describes your right to work in Australia?
How many years&#39; experience do you have as an operations manager?
How many years of people management experience do you have?
Which of the following Microsoft Office products are you experienced with?
Do you have experience with inventory management?
Report this job advert
Be careful
Don’t provide your bank or credit card details when applying for jobs.
Learn how to protect yourself
 
here
.
Report this job ad
 
Share this role
Job Apply
Apply
 for this job
Save job
Send job
Job Information
Job Listing Date
6 Apr 2021
Location
Melbourne
, 
Bayside &amp; South Eastern Suburbs
Work Type
Casual/Vacation
Classification
Manufacturing, Transport &amp; Logistics
, 
Management
Apply
 for this job
