---
---

Assistant Product Manager
More jobs from this company
Job Description
Job Header
Assistant Product Manager
Advertiser: 
Bonds
3.4789
 out of 5
3.5
 
overall rating
 (
71 employee reviews
) 
More jobs from this company
Job Information
Job Listing Date
8 Apr 2021
Location
Sydney
, 
CBD, Inner West &amp; Eastern Suburbs
Salary
Free parking + 50% Off Hanesbrands!
Work Type
Full Time
Classification
Marketing &amp; Communications
, 
Product Management &amp; Development
 




Take ownership of the end to end product lifecycle management for the iconic Bonds brand!


Amazing opportunity to gain exposure into the world of Product Development and work within a talented team!


Monday - Friday role




 


Assistant Product Manager | Bonds | Burwood, Sydney


 We are looking for an 
Assistant Product Manager
  to work on the 
Bonds Woman&#39;s Underwear category
. This is a rare and exciting opportunity to work on one of our largest brands and on one of Australia&#39;s most iconic brands Bonds!


Supporting and assisting the Product Manager in the development of seasonal range assortments and  the execution of product plans, this role is crucial in delivering a highly commercial and profitable product range through effective product lifecycle management, quarterly reviews, range planning &amp; sell through analysis. 


 


A day in the life of …




Supporting and coordinating all activities relating to the seasonal range development


Entering and maintaining all seasonal feasibility (buy plan) documents including pricing, customer segmentation and article set up ensuring 100% data integrity


Briefing and managing all packaging requirements in line with the brand and range plans


Assisting with generating seasonal option plan documents


Preparing and presenting quarterly reviews, range assortment plans &amp; internal range presentations


Providing standardized reports and analytical support to aid in decision making


Participating in market research and analysis on changing conditions


Supporting the fast paced go to market and retailer presentations seasons




 


What experience do I have?
       




You have a background and passion for product, product development or buying, ideally within the retail/apparel/fashion industry


Exposure to and understanding of Product Lifecycle is crucial


You are naturally analytical, exceptionally organised and love the challenge of managing multiple priorities and deadlines


Effective communication across a broad stakeholder group will ensure success in this role - you are confident and practical, able to build and foster strong working relationships


An ability to manage ambiguity and problem solve


Excel and PowerPoint skills are essential - not a day goes by where you won&#39;t be working on spreadsheets or crunching numbers, so you must be comfortable in this space




 


What&#39;s in it for me?




Amazing working culture, structured training &amp; development programs, genuine internal career pathways … love coming to work!


Huge staff discounts! Enjoy up to 70% across all brands in the Hanes portfolio … we&#39;re talking about huge savings on Bonds, Champion, Sheridan, Bras N Things, Berlei, Jockey - and more!


Sample sales and extended family and friends discounts


Wellness Programs - regular free skin checks, flu shots, remedial massages, Employee Assistance Program, fresh fruit delivered on-site  


Access to awesome perks, including corporate discounts, novated car leasing, Employee Assistance Program, Parental Leave Program


Monthly business updates from our CEO and Senior Leadership Team, with regular presentations from our community partners


&#34;
Summer Fun
&#34; - take advantage of a half-day leave every fortnight, in addition to your leave allowance, during the summer months and make the most of the sun!


Company-wide &#34;
Golden Yarn
&#34; Reward &amp; Recognition Program


Modern and relaxed office environment with sit-stand desks and a 
strictly casual
 dress-code!


&#34;
Lunch &amp; Learn
&#34; sessions, with topics including financial management and health &amp; wellness


Established and committed LEAN organization offering on-going training to all employees


Genuine commitment to global sustainability




 


Who are we?
 Hanes Brands Australasia is home to some of Australia&#39;s most iconic brands, and we are proud to be part the US powerhouse Hanes Brands Inc, one of the world&#39;s largest manufacturer and marketer of basic apparel brands.


We have 18 brands in our HBA portfolio, including Bonds, Champion, Berlei, Jockey, Sheridan and Bras N Things, and a number of offices across Australia and New Zealand. Our Head Office is in Kew, Melbourne; we have multiple sites in Sydney, offices in Auckland and factories in China. We&#39;re a household name delivering beautiful comfy products that Aussies just love. And with six hugely successful e-commerce sites, an extensive and rapidly growing store network, amazing and well-established wholesale partnerships and a growing international presence, the future is looking bright!


 


Cultivating a diverse and inclusive workplace …


Here at Hanes
Brands
 Australasia, we are proud to be an equal opportunity workplace cultivating a diverse, inclusive and vibrant work environment.  We encourage our employees to bring their true selves to work and support them to reach their full potential both personally and professionally.  We have a culture of high performance in our workplace and celebrate the diversity of our employees who contribute to the success of our organisation. 
 
Therefore, we warmly welcome all people to apply to work with us.


 


 
Creating the fabric of a better life for people and the planet:
 As a 
COVID 19 safe environment
 we have broken our Sydney team into two, one team will come into the office on Monday and Tuesday and the other team will come in on Thursday and Friday. On a Wednesday the teams will alternate, where one week you will work in the office, the the other week you will work from home.  In these unusual times we are loving staying connected with each other via MS teams.


 


Express 
your
 interest by selecting APPLY NOW and upload your CV. 
Report this job advert
Be careful
Don’t provide your bank or credit card details when applying for jobs.
Learn how to protect yourself
 
here
.
Report this job ad
 
Share this role
Job Apply
Apply
 for this job
Applications for this role will take you to the advertiser’s site.
Save job
Send job
Job Information
Job Listing Date
8 Apr 2021
Location
Sydney
, 
CBD, Inner West &amp; Eastern Suburbs
Salary
Free parking + 50% Off Hanesbrands!
Work Type
Full Time
Classification
Marketing &amp; Communications
, 
Product Management &amp; Development
About Bonds
3.4789
 out of 5
3.5
71 employee reviews
More jobs from this company
Apply
 for this job
Applications will open the advertiser’s site.
