---
---

Principal Product Manager
Department of Customer Service
2.7/5
Sydney
CBD, Inner West &amp; Eastern Suburbs
Information &amp; Communication Technology
Product Management &amp; Development
Full Time
Posted 
7h ago
More jobs from this company
Apply for this job
Save job
Email
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Job description
Principal Product Manager
Clerk Grade 11/12
 Temporary - 9 months
Flexible working available 
 
 Want to work on a world-leading digital transformation? We&#39;re looking for an experienced Principal Product Manager to lead a multidisciplinary product team to map out the end-to-end service delivery of the $1.6 billion 
Digital Restart Fund
 and implement service improvements to better meet user needs. This role requires a unique set of skills that combine an agile mindset with a passion for modern ways of working and customer-focused impacts.
 
 Our team is the driving force of digital transformation in NSW. By thinking smarter and adapting ahead of the curve, we are here to make a meaningful impact for the people of NSW. Together, we define change, and in doing so, we grow our diverse talents while building something to be proud of.
 
 
About this role
 
 You will lead a highly collaborative, multidisciplinary team with Researchers, Designers, Content Designers and Developers to understand the current end-to-end funding process, identify opportunities for service improvements for the business and the customer, and manage the rollout of service improvement projects. As a Product Manager you will be involved in the whole product lifecycle from customer research, problem prioritisation, ideation, backlog management, to delivery, and agile rituals such as sprint planning, standups and showcases.
 
 
You will:
 
Ask the right questions, craft solutions and deliver validated digital products to our users
Act as an ambassador for your team to all stakeholders and proactively communicate the purpose and goals as well as our ways of working
Bridge business goals, user needs and technical feasibility as you help design service improvements
Facilitate effective communication and decision-making
Work with your team to discern what needs to be tested and how to test it
Assist with interviews with stakeholders and end-users and synthesize insights into actionable next steps
Create a backlog, write user stories, and manage releases
Proactively seek to unify our customers&#39; experience across the product offering by engaging with other product teams
Working at Department of Customer Service
 
 The Department of Customer Service is a great place to work! Our values of accountability, trust, service and integrity drive our initiatives and culture. We support innovative programs in areas as broad as digital government, consumer protection and major public works. We are an inclusive organisation that celebrates diversity and flexible work practices and believe our people are our greatest asset.
 
 Salary Clerk Grade 11/12, with the base salary for this role starting at $128,473 base plus superannuation
 
 Click 
Here
 to access the Role Description. For enquiries relating to recruitment please contact Claudia Aubert via 
claudia.aubert@customerservice.nsw.gov.au
.
 
 
Closing Date: Monday 19th April at 9:59am
 
 The Department of Customer Service is proud to be an EEO Employer who are fully focused on equality and believe deeply in diversity of all identities making us different and a true reflection of our NSW customers. As an inclusive workplace, we support various employee resource groups, practice flexible work and workplace adjustment.
 
 If you do require an adjustment during the recruitment process, please notify us on your application form.
 
Report this job advert
Be careful
Don’t provide your bank or credit card details when applying for jobs.
Learn how to protect yourself
 
here
.
Report this job ad
 
Apply for this job
Save job
