---
---

Service Delivery Manager
FREQUENTIS Australasia Pty Ltd
Sydney
CBD, Inner West &amp; Eastern Suburbs
Information &amp; Communication Technology
Telecommunications
Full Time
Posted 
22h ago
More jobs from this company
Apply for this job
Save job
Email
Facebook
Twitter
LinkedIn
Job description
About the business
 
 
 
Frequentis is the leading international supplier of communication and information systems for control centres with safety-critical tasks. These &#39;Control Centre Solutions&#39; are developed and distributed by Frequentis in the business segments Air Traffic Management (civil and military air traffic control, air defence) and Public Safety &amp; Transport (police, fire and rescue services, emergency medical services, maritime organisations, and railways). Frequentis maintains a worldwide network of subsidiaries, offices, and local representatives in more than 50 countries supported by more than 1600 employees worldwide. The company&#39;s products and solutions are behind more than 25,000 control centre operator positions in over 120 countries.
 
Frequentis Australasia Pty Ltd was established in 2004 in Brisbane as a wholly owned subsidiary of Frequentis AG. Frequentis Australasia delivers and supports communication and information management projects for air traffic management, defence and public transport organisations throughout Australia, New Zealand, Papua New Guinea, and the South Pacific Islands and has offices in Brisbane, Sydney, and Melbourne.
 
 
 
About the role
 
 
 
The Service Delivery Manager ensures that customer support projects are executed successfully in line with Frequentis Support processes by coordinating and steering all internal and external resources.
 
Service management and project management for defined local service projects
 Analysis of support project risks (technical, commercial, contractual) and preparation of risk mitigation plans
Relationship management towards our customers, partners and subcontractors
 Management of the cooperation between our Customer Service division in Vienna (Austria) and the locations in Australia (Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne, Perth)
Identification of opportunities and acquisition of Installed Base Business (Change Requests)
Subject Matter Expert for support contract negotiations 
Oversight of incident handling and support quality of execution and documentation
Overall end to end responsibility for successful support projects regarding business, technical and social aspects
Planning and alignment of all work packages, costs, milestones, and resources
Collaborative customer relationship management
 
 
 
Benefits and perks
 
 
 
- Small dedicated and passionate teams
 
- Cutting edge technology in safety-critical solutions
 
- Work life balance
 
 
 
Skills and experience
 
 
 
A University qualification to the level of an Australian Bachelor Degree or equivalent qualification
ITIL Foundation
At minimum of 5 years of relevant experience in a safety critical domain
Performing in stressful situations and well-considered decision making
Established technical knowledge of Frequentis&#39; or similar products, processes and business strategies
Communication: 
the ability to communicate clearly and concisely
, 
varying communication style depending upon the audience.
Attention to detail:
 excellent attention to detail and written skills when communicating with others, both internally and externally.
Commerciality:
 ability to apply knowledge in a practical, commercial manner.
Teamwork:
 willingness to assist and support others as required and get on with team members.
Time management/organisation
: accomplish objectives effectively within time frame given, and carry out administrative duties within portfolio in an efficient and timely manner.
 
 
 
To be considered for this role, please submit a cover letter outlining your experience and an updated CV.  
 
 
Role requirements
Your application will include the following questions:
Which of the following statements best describes your right to work in Australia?
What&#39;s your expected annual base salary?
How much notice are you required to give your current employer?
How many years&#39; experience do you have as a service manager?
Report this job advert
Be careful
Don’t provide your bank or credit card details when applying for jobs.
Learn how to protect yourself
 
here
.
Report this job ad
 
Apply for this job
Save job
